Updating Identity Engine > Embedded Authentication content for Node.js SDK Social IdP use case (#2368)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-cases/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-sign-in-soc-idp/nodejs/summaryofsteps.md

## Summary of steps

The following diagram shows the sequence of steps for the Facebook sign-in flow.

<div class="common-image-format">

![Displays the sequence diagram for Identity Engine embedded auth with Auth JS SDK - Sign in with Facebook use case](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-social-sign-in-nodejs.png)

</div>

> >**NOTE:** The SDK sample application does not support this use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** The SDK sample application doesn't support this use case.
```

Author: Removed this note. Thanks.
